INNER CORE (1.0.2.9 BETA) - INEER 

Core is a full-fledged development environment for mods and games with them, giving opportunities that are as close to the PC modding as possible and far exceeding everything that was before. 

This project is designed to breathe life into the dying generation of mods on MCPE, improve them and give rise to new ones. I sincerely hope that this will happen. 


Here are the main advantages: 

- Inner Core is separate from MCPE completely independent application that contains its own MCPE, which allows not only to not put any additional software, but also not to delete the version of MCPE from which you play. Even worlds with mods are stored separately from vanilla worlds. 

- The mods under Inner Core are fully compatible and will not conflict, the API is built in such a way that it is very easy to make mods interact with each other. This allows you to create complex assemblies of dozens of mods.

- It's extremely easy to transfer the mods from the old Core Engine because CE has been saved as the main kind of API for mods under Inner Core, which will result in a rapid transfer of developing mods. 

- The API kernel written in c ++ and java, multithreading, adapting API for frequent mod needs, as well as the ability to compile mods in java-bytecode allows to reach new heights in speed. 

- New features in all areas, especially in the graphical component of mods, which now allows you to create any desired appearance of in-game objects. The old API modules were also greatly improved and new ones were introduced, but due to the stable version API will develop much faster.

- The GUI API makes it incredibly easy to create any required interface, including its main feature is the simple creation of a dynamic interface that works in stable 40-60 fps. 

- A complex and variable structure of mods, an assembly file, several kinds of APIs and types of executable files will allow creating the most convenient structure for mods, which plays an important role. Own development environment, adapted for Inner Core allows you to develop a fashion from a PC and download and run them via USB. 

Inner Core is a complete replacement for BlockLauncher, which for a long time existed as the only modding option and was extremely poorly implemented and had an awfully inconvenient API, which entailed many unpleasant consequences. Now this is the end.


CHANGELOG: 
The version is the same as before, just the post was recreated. 

- Changed the resource system. Initialization is faster, many bugs are fixed. 
- Modified the system of compilation of mods. Now it allows you to compile modes of any size and shows the compilation process. Mods that have been compiled on the old version will work. 
- Changed the display of errors, now they show not only the file, but also the mod to which it belongs, and in the compiled form also the build file with the string. 
- Fixed crashes with a massive modification of the world from the stream.
- The system of generation of the world has been changed. Generation is placed in the flow due to the previous change, the ore is generated along with the structures on the surface. This completely removes friezes from it, making the study of new chunks much smoother. 
- The workbench dynamically selects the size of the window to show possible crafts, which will remove the problem with the crafts that were not displayed due to the constant size. 
- Fixed crash from lack of RAM (when installing a large number of mods and departures of the interface). 
- Fixed the work of Entity module methods with nonexistent mobs. This should bring the MobRegistry module to life, but it has not been tested.
- UI.Window added an overlay mode, it allows to work normally with the game (does not block buttons, sounds, etc.), but reduces fps. Ideal for, for example, armor buttons in IC2. 
- Fixed the appearance of phantom twins of blocks that are compatible in 2 modes (for example, Forestry and IC2 ores). This will not affect your worlds in any way and will not cause a change in id. 
- Fixed BlockDestroyStarted and BlockDestroyContinued events. 
- Fixed a bug of version 1.0.2.7 with the inability to create a super-flat world. 
- Less significant fixes. 

The next update will take measurements. In this they are not finalized and turned off. 

INSTALLATION: 
1. Read the system requirements and warning.
2. Download (attached file) and install the application (for installation, rename it to the .apk extension, it is not necessary to delete MCPE) 
3. If desired, perform a test run without mods. 

To install the mods, you need to unpack the archive with the mod in the games / com.mojang / mods folder, the subsequent launch of Inner Core will immediately load this mod. The old mods under Core Engine that are in the same folder are ignored. 

SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS: 
Inner Core requires the architecture of the processor armv7 and Android not lower than 4.4.2, it also requires at least 300MB of free space on the card and 200MB of RAM. This is the vast majority of Android devices, but there are units that do not meet these requirements, to which I offer my deepest apologies. 

A WARNING:
This is a beta version of this product, although it passed a 2-week PTA (Closed Beta Test) on devices with completely different characteristics and versions of the system, and stability was achieved at all, bugs will be and this is fact, because the project is huge. More about this you can read here - https://vk.com/wall-129680450_4068
